README.md, before:

```
https://www.oreilly.com/library/view/xgboost-for-regression/9781805123057/	[{"@context":"https://schema.org","@type":["Book","CollectionPage"],"name":"XGBoost for Regression Predictive Modeling and Time Series Analysis","url":"https://www.oreilly.com/library/view/xgboost-for-regression/9781805123057/","description":"Master the art of predictive modeling with XGBoost and gain hands-on experience in building powerful regression, classification, and time series models using the XGBoost Python API Key Features Get up \u2026  - Selection from XGBoost for Regression Predictive Modeling and Time Series Analysis [Book]","inLanguage":"en","publisher":"Packt Publishing","isbn":"9781805123057","author":["Partha Pritam Deka","Joyce Weiner"],"thumbnailUrl":["https://www.oreilly.com/library/cover/9781805123057/1200w630h/"]}]
https://www.oreilly.com/library/view/take-control-of/9781954546097/	[{"@context":"https://schema.org","@type":["Book","CollectionPage"],"name":"Take Control of Monterey","url":"https://www.oreilly.com/library/view/take-control-of/9781954546097/","description":"Get to know macOS 12 Monterey!Version 1.2, updated June 29, 2022 macOS 12 Monterey builds on the changes in Big Sur, making your Intel or M-series Mac even more \u2026  - Selection from Take Control of Monterey [Book]","inLanguage":"en","publisher":"Take Control Books","isbn":"9781954546097","author":"Joe Kissell","thumbnailUrl":["https://www.oreilly.com/library/cover/9781954546097/1200w630h/"]
```

Commit message:

adding license and basic readme

README.md, after:

This repo contains the metadata used for https://www.oreilly.com/nlweb/. The data, released here under as MIT license, has metadata for over 50,000 books. Each record has the following structure:

```json
https://www.oreilly.com/library/view/xgboost-for-regression/9781805123057/	[{"@context":"https://schema.org","@type":["Book","CollectionPage"],"name":"XGBoost for Regression Predictive Modeling and Time Series Analysis","url":"https://www.oreilly.com/library/view/xgboost-for-regression/9781805123057/","description":"Master the art of predictive modeling with XGBoost and gain hands-on experience in building powerful regression, classification, and time series models using the XGBoost Python API Key Features Get up \u2026  - Selection from XGBoost for Regression Predictive Modeling and Time Series Analysis [Book]","inLanguage":"en","publisher":"Packt Publishing","isbn":"9781805123057","author":["Partha Pritam Deka","Joyce Weiner"],"thumbnailUrl":["https://www.oreilly.com/library/cover/9781805123057/1200w630h/"]}]
https://www.oreilly.com/library/view/take-control-of/9781954546097/	[{"@context":"https://schema.org","@type":["Book","CollectionPage"],"name":"Take Control of Monterey","url":"https://www.oreilly.com/library/view/take-control-of/9781954546097/","description":"Get to know macOS 12 Monterey!Version 1.2, updated June 29, 2022 macOS 12 Monterey builds on the changes in Big Sur, making your Intel or M-series Mac even more \u2026  - Selection from Take Control of Monterey [Book]","inLanguage":"en","publisher":"Take Control Books","isbn":"9781954546097","author":"Joe Kissell","thumbnailUrl":["https://www.oreilly.com/library/cover/9781954546097/1200w630h/"]
```
